{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Tahoma;}{\f1\fnil Tahoma;}}{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue255;}\pard\tx1800\tx3600\plain\fs20\b1 From: \b0\tab Irma Guerrero\par
\pard\tx1800\tx3600\plain\fs20\b1 To:\b0\tab Rojas, Robert\par
\pard\tx1800\tx3600\plain\fs20\b1 Date: \b0\tab 1/8/2008 7:23 AM\par
\pard\tx1800\tx3600\plain\fs20\b1 Subject: \b0\tab Re: Thesis\par
\par
{\stylesheet{\fs16 GroupWiseView;}}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\lang1033\f0\fs17 I will not be able to meet with you today as I'm really tied up today. Will you be working tomorrow? Let's aim to meet sometime tomorrow and just play it by ear.\par
\par
Thanks,\par
Irma \f1\fs16\par
\par
>>> Robert Rojas 1/7/2008 3:19 PM >>>\par
Hello Irma, I was wondering if maybe we could meet sometime this week so that I can speak with you about my thesis.  I know I had spoken with you a while back ago about possibly using data from our office.  Since then, however, I've changed my topic and, with my thesis committee finally in-line, I am now ready to begin the thesis process.  I would still like to use data collected by our office which is why I would very much like to speak with you.  Just to give you an overview of what I would like to research, let me say that I am interested in the pretrial process and its relation to race and language.  To be more specific, I would like to examine the differences in pretrial release among Spanish-speaking-only defendants & those who speak English.  The type of info I would like to obtain is: type of offense, bond amount, type of bond posted (if any), and of course, whether or not they are non-English speaking.  Other biographical data would be useful as well, such as ethnicity, age, gender, etc.  I am very excited about my topic and am hoping I can get the cooperation of the department to allow me access to collect the data I need.  I look forward to speaking with you more about it when you have a free moment.  There are still some details that have to be ironed out with the chair of my committee but in order to proceed, I need to make sure I have the permission to access the data.  Thank you in advance for your consideration of my request.\par
\par
Sincerely,\par
Robert Lee Rojas\par
\par
Robert Lee Rojas\par
Pretrial Officer II\par
Ignition Interlock Officer\par
Travis County Pretrial Services\par
512-854-1322 Office\par
512-854-6407 Fax\par
\cf1\ul Robert.Rojas@co.travis.tx.us\cf0\ulnone  \par
\par
}
