{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Tahoma;}}{\stylesheet{\fs16 GroupWiseView;}}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\tx1800\tx3600\plain\fs20\b1 From: \b0\tab Irma Guerrero\par
\pard\tx1800\tx3600\plain\fs20\b1 To:\b0\tab Rojas, Robert\par
\pard\tx1800\tx3600\plain\fs20\b1 Date: \b0\tab 1/10/2008 7:33 AM\par
\pard\tx1800\tx3600\plain\fs20\b1 Subject: \b0\tab Thesis Paper\par
\par
\pard\tx1800\tx3600\plain\fs20\b1 CC:\b0\tab Morgan, Ronald\par
\pard\f0\fs17 Robert,\par
\par
Please keep in mind the following as you work on your thesis: \par
\par
1.   I've received your request in writing. If it changes please keep Ron and I informed.\par
2.   If the data parameters change on your project please keep us informed.\par
3.   I propose that you let Ron read over your paper before submission to the University to ensure that our data has not been compromised. Confidentially of our data on defendants must always be kept in mind.   Do not let this go beyond the data you have requested to look at and use. \par
4.   I will need a copy of the final product you submit to the University. \par
5.   Please send Ron a list of the data you will be needing and get with him on a possible crystal report. \par
6.   Provide Ron and I with a timeline you anticipate  getting this done (1 month,  2 months, etc). \par
7.   Provide Ron with a tentative schedule on the number of hours you expect to do here in the office for this project.  Please get with Ron to come up with an approved plan on working on this project.  [For example if you are going to come in on a particular Sat/Sun to work on this project ----or----if you will stay and work on this project beyond your shift we need to know that you are here for the project and not for Pretrial Services].  The hours you work on this project are on your own time. \par
8.   Do not work on this project during your regular Pretrial Services shift/scheduled hours. \par
\par
If you have any questions either get with Ron or me. \par
\par
\b GOOD LUCK \b0 with your paper.\par
\par
Thanks,\par
Irma\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
Irma G. Guerrero\par
Pretrial Division Director\par
(512) 854-3101\par
Fax (512) 854-9018\par
CJC - Rm 1.800\par
irma.guerrero@co.travis.tx.us \par
\par
}
